docs: caching and impersonation (#54153)
metabase/metabase: docs/configuring-metabase/caching.md

For example, if your data only updates once a day, there's no point in querying the database more than once a day, as the data won't have changed. Returning cached results can be significantly faster, as your database won't have to recompute the results to load your question.

> > Queries from [impersonated users](../permissions/impersonation.md) will not use query cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Questions run by [impersonated users](../permissions/impersonation.md) will never return cached results; they'll always rerun the queries against the database.
```
